annot: peel a onion
ACTID: 0
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] a onion (-1)
annot: chop it into pieces
ACTID: 1
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] it (0)
[PP, other, into] pieces (-1)
annot: heat the onion in a pot with olive oil in it
ACTID: 2
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the onion (1)
[PP, food, in] a pot with olive oil in it (-1)
annot: Place some beef in the same pot
ACTID: 3
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] some beef (-1)
[PP, food, in] the same pot (2)
annot: Add some chili powder, some cumin, some cinnamon and some oregano
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some chili powder (-1), some cumin (-1), some cinnamon (-1), some oregano (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Cook the ingredients when the beef is ready
ACTID: 5
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (4)
annot: Add one tin of chopped tomato, tomato paste
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] one tin of chopped tomato (-1), tomato paste (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: stir while cooking
ACTID: 7
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (6)
[PP, other, while] cooking (-1)
annot: when everything is mixed together
ACTID: 8
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (7)
annot: add hot water until covered
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] hot water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: stir the ingredients
ACTID: 10
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (9)
annot: add one tin of kidney beans
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] one tin of kidney beans (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: Stir the beans
ACTID: 12
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] the beans (11)
annot: wait for 10 minutes with lid off
ACTID: 13
PRED: wait
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, other, for] 10 minutes with lid off (-1)
annot: Take one red pepper
ACTID: 14
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] one red pepper (-1)
annot: move core and seeds
ACTID: 15
PRED: move
[DOBJ, food] core (-1), seeds (-1)
[PP, food, ] (14)
annot: add pepper slices into the pot
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] pepper slices (15)
[PP, food, into] the pot (13)
annot: place the ingredients in the middle of a tortilla wrap
ACTID: 17
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (16)
[PP, food, in] the middle of a tortilla wrap (-1)
annot: wrap it
ACTID: 18
PRED: wrap
[DOBJ, food] it (17)
annot: Take a large pan
ACTID: 19
PRED: take
[DOBJ, location] a large pan (-1)
annot: heat some oil on it
ACTID: 20
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some oil (-1)
[PP, location, on] it (19)
annot: put the burrito on the pan
ACTID: 21
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the burrito (18)
[PP, food, on] the pan (20)
annot: Carefully roll the burrito on the pan till all sides are evenly brown
ACTID: 22
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] the burrito on the pan (21)